When starting the second sprint, the main challenge we faced was that we had to balance finishing the games for the bingo board and completing the rest of the tasks we wanted to get done. The way we overcame this was by splitting tasks, ensuring that each member was either finalising the bingo game or working on the rest of the project, and therefore preventing confusion or loss of time. Another challenge was implementing styling across all the pages. In the first sprint, our main priority was ensuring that the basic prototype worked as we intended, and therefore we were not concerned with much of the user interface. This meant that when we started sprint 2, there was a lot of styling left to do. This was also challenging as we had to ensure that all of the features of the application were styled in the same way. Our solution to this was to focus on the styling towards the end of the sprint, as we thought that by reusing our styles we could very effectively style the website all at once. This also allowed us greater freedom of implementation, with the code not being held back by the CSS. 
The first main milestone we reached in the second sprint of this project finishing the bingo board, and all the games included. This was a turning point in the development as it allowed the team to focus all of our efforts from that point onwards to the rest of the tasks, such as the currency and gardens. Having all of the pages completed was another major milestone as it meant that the only work left to do was to style the website. However, as previously mentioned this proved to be a challenge.
The main area of improvement going forward is ensuring that testing is done early and on time. It is much easier and more efficient to spot bugs early into development than spotting them when trying to finalise a feature, so we could have improved on our testing by setting up proper testing environments. For example, we could have used GitHub workflows more, to better automate testing and validation. With CSS styling, an area of improvement would be to ensure that styling was consistent across pages from an earlier stage. While styling towards the end did work for us, it would have been more efficient to style as we developed to prevent unnecessary stress as the deployment deadline approached.
